All right, so let's start wiring up the dynamic aspects of our job listing components singular.
So as a reminder, in our job listings component, we are passing down a job prop with the job object.
So the first thing I'd like to do is set up that prop recognition on the child on the job listing component.
So let me open up that component, job listing dot view.
Here it is.
Here we have all of our hardcoded text.
And if I scroll down to the bottom to the configuration object, we can add our prop recognition.
So right here, the property we provide for view as props, we set that equal to an object where the
properties represent the props that are being passed in.
So in the previous lesson, we passed down a job prop from my parent, in this case the job listings
component.
And as a reminder, the way we can do a little bit more validation here is we can provide an object
right here in that object.
We can have a type property where we tell the you what kind of object type will be or what kind of data
type.
Rather it can be a string can be a number, it can be a boolean.
In our case, it's going to be an object.
So I'm just going to write an object with a capital oh that represents a JavaScript object, and then
I can add a required property set to true.
And that mandates that the job listing component must receive a job prop from its parent.
And that is going to be the case in our situation because as we iterate over the 100 jobs, we are going
to pass each job listing its own individual job object with that jobs information.
Okay.
The other thing that I'd like to do in this lesson before we start revising all this code is I want
to remind you that we have to root or link components right here, the one that wraps all of our other
divs and things like that.
And right here, the router link that holds our expand button.
And when we were building this out, we made each one reference a static link of slash jobs, slash
results, slash one, and obviously each job is actually going to have a different ID, it's not going
to be one.
So it would be really great if we could generate a dynamic URL here for root and link to navigate to,
which of course is going to be slash jobs, slash results, followed by whatever happens to be the idea
of that given job.
So if the job has idea 53, we want that component to render slash jobs, slash results, slash 53 So
we could potentially put some of that logic here.
But I think a really good place to write some logic to calculate or concatenate that URL will be in
a computed property.
So right here I'm going to add a computed object.
And here, of course, we define methods and we can use those methods in our template.
And I want to call this method job page link because it is the link to a single job page.
So here I'm going to use my ES6 interpolation syntax.
I'm going to start with those kind of squint squibs.
So the lines are till does I forget exactly what they're called, but the, the ones that enable us
to embed variables or references inside the string.
Temple strings.
That's what they're called.
And then in here, of course, I'm going to begin with the constant string of slash jobs, slash results.
And then, of course, I want to dynamically inject or interpolate the value of my job ID so I know
I can use the dollar sign in JavaScript to embed some content right here.
And how do I reference my prop?
Well, I reference any of my props the exact same way I reference any of my data properties using the
this keyword.
It's no different.
So I'm going to save this.
And on the this object, I'm going to have the job prop that I received for my parent.
And on that job object, I'm going to have an ID property.
So that's going to be some string of one through 100 in our case.
And whatever it is for that given component, we're going to generate that string.
So all 100 of our job listings components will run through this logic and generate their own custom
string with their own custom ID.
All right.
So with that, we have everything we need in order to start revising all of our hardcoded text and replacing
all of these static references with dynamic references from the object that we got from the backend.
And we're going to do that in the very next lesson.